What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	Git then knows that the files in the current directory are to be treated as
	a logical unit that will be version controlled in the future. It's impossible
	to version control all the files on the HDD therefore version control system
	needs to know which files are to be maintained, hence need to initialise the
	repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?

	Working directory contains all the files that form the project you are working
	on, staging area allows you to choose *some* of the files from the working area
	to include in the repository. Repository is a collection of all the changes and
	actual files that have been committed with relevant comments. It may contain 
	only some of the files from working directory or all of them but it also has
	some metadata as well (commit comments).

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	
	You can first add all the files that form the whole logical unit and then commit
	it. This allows you to add more than one file at a time.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	
	Whenever adding a new feature that may not end up in the program in the end, 
	i.e. prototyping. Branches help by allowing you to add meaningful messages that
	describe the way the program is structured.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	It's easier to look at a visual representation of the branch structure - dealing
	with git commit IDs, etc., is very tedious, especially in command line. Diagrams
	help a bit by making the structure more coherent.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the
diagram the way we do?

	Merging two branches ensures that features that were present outside of, e.g. 
	the	master branch are incorporated into it. It is useful when a team of people
	is collaborating - individual features can be developed by programmers alone,
	then added to the main branch of the repository.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	Automatic merges save time, especially for simple modifications of the repository.
	But in case of more complicated situation git may still be unable to merge two
	branches itelf.

